All right welcome back my dear student.
So on this lecture we are going to be using reusing some of our extra mail by doing some inclusion with
BHB.
So let's go ahead and start doing that.
All right.
So let's open our editor and drop all the contents of your logon in there.
I'm using subline right now but you can use any editor and if you don't have any it looks like this
and you want to use something very similar to this but you don't want to pay like I don't want $79 $100
for this.
You can try the free version of sublime for like 30 days or you can download brackets which is very
similar.
All right.
You can find out about brackets of course if you do a little google search brackets editor makes them
lighter and you can download it.
But anyway so now we can see here if we go to those files.
Right.
And I have the whole folder open here.
What I Did It was I dragged it into the sidebar here my subline name and of course it will give me all
the files.
But anyway we could see that we have a lot of mail especially on the head and footer.
Right.
Let's take care of that right.
We don't want to deal with that.
Let's actually create a folder and let's call this folder includes.
Right.
For those of you that have taken courses from me basically you know what we're going to be doing here.
So I'm going to create a file header that HP will want to head for here.
And of course we'll also one other file.
That would be the Forder webpage.
All right let's go to and that's.
And this has everything we need.
All right.
I'm going to take everything from the body to the head.
And we're going to do some inclusion here so I'm going to say include
better.
Actually we are in a folder called includes and then head are about BHB.
All right.
So that way we don't forget.
And what else.
Actually as a matter of fact we should take all of this to the footer as well.
All right.
And drop this in there.
Let's go back to that and see.
We can also take that container.
We're not going to be putting anything.
We have this navigation as well here.
Let's do some let's do an obligation too.
So let's go in and say new file.
And it's called is naff that BHB writing side includes.
OK.
And it's got to end.
And then just take the whole navigation out of there.
And you know what I was thinking we could put this thing in the header right here.
All right.
So
let's actually let's put this thing first let's just paste out navigation in there not that BHB And
let's see what we can do with it.
All right let's go back to when they here we have this container and we should put this container H.T.
mail tag inside the header right here because this is the beginning right of our Templi.
This day of container we have the opening in on the footer which you have the closing one like this.
All right.
So make sure you have that.
Now this should be our end it's all right now.
We could if we wanted to go ahead and put the navigation right here because that's where it goes.
So we could say BHB include navigation if we wanted to.
Right.
But I think it would make it very clear it would put it right here that way.
We don't want the navigation in one of our files we can delete it all right because everybody is going
to have something like this.
So let's just include it right here and it's include and then which includes your nav which.
And this is the Jumbotron here that's fine.
Let's do the footer and then just copy this whole thing.
And as you see for now we can go out and check it out.
OK.
Working is the same thing.
All right.
So we got everything working here make sure that you save all your files.
All right so now we have this.
Now all we got to do in every file is basically the same thing just take all of them off.
All right.
And use that all right.
This one doesn't even have anything as we can just say activate make sure they activate Bache But basically
we can now do this go to activate real quick take all that out.
And then the footer right.
This.
But anyway admen think adman they all the same you can do that to every page and that's what I'm going
to do.
And you're not going to see me doing that because I expect you to do it.
But let me show you a different page she had this one here is called BHB.
All right.
Now this is a little different.
Don't just care.
I called up HP doesn't have an obligation so let me show you called duppy HP does have an obligation
to empty ideas because we want you don't want to distract the user from entering their code here.
All right.
So what we got to do is take all these off of course and this is moving here so that we can work with
it all right and it doesn't have an obligation so we're going to include the header and all the way
in the bottom here.
Let's see what that container
this def class finishes.
All right.
And we take these three round here and we put the footer in there.
Let's go and check it out real quick.
All right.
Still works.
You can check your page source just to make sure but it works.
All right.
Let me see while the page is different.
Recover.
It's a little different as well.
We don't have an obligation here.
All right.
So you going to do that basically the same thing we did with let's grab the head or we called up HB
and recover.
All right.
So you take this container out
get the footer from here
this letter last three tracks with the footer in there right register should be should have a navigation.
All right.
So let's go to container.
Take everything out and change this to header right.
Take these last three out pasted in there that's the footer.
And this one did navigation right.
So there you said they have a navigation we need to put the navigation in here.
So this would be
like this.
Make sure that it is working.
Registration register that BHB now we go to this one they have an obligation.
Right.
All right.
What else we set.
We said those have
any navigation software you paste that header
go all the way down
take the last Reale again.
Make sure you check all these pages.
Right.
And this one they have an obligation so just take everything from here.
This is the last three
footer
navigation.
Now let's check let's check out real quick.
Make sure that it is correct.
I mean that page.
All I have is good.
If we go to page source we can see that we do have the last container piece we have this on top and
we do have the navigation included.
All right.
So make sure that you work on that.
If I miss any of these files make sure that you don't go to each other as make it so that where you
are including navigation Hetter on some of them and then some of them the sidebar as well.
And then AAVE the footer as well.
Footer header and obligation.
All right Logan.
All right.
This will be the header.
I think this will had a navigations.
If you see me make a mistake don't follow me.
All right
and all the way down.
We'll put the footer in here.
All right.
If I missed any of them I will correct them but you won't be.
You won't be able to see me OK.
Just make sure that you have what you need on all of them.
If you don't have a navigation don't put it there even if I did.
All right so we should be aware of files or enclosures on place.
All right.
On the next election we're going to start working with
I believe now with the NSA in initialising our files and our APHC files.
All right thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lectures.